## YoloPad

YoloPad is your all-in-one platform to manage your projects. Let our automated tools handle everything from fundraising to market insights, so you can focus on building.

## Tech Stack

- NextJs as Fullstack framework
- Nillion to store sensitive information
- Shadcn for component library
- Wagmi and Rainbowkit for wallet connectivity
- AgentKit and Vercel AI SDK for agent manipulation and prompt engineering

## Running Local and Development

**Notes for Nillion Schema Generation**

- Visit [lib/nillion/schemas/registry.ts](./lib/nillion/schemas/registry.ts) and there you can configure schemas
- We use the `defineSchema` utility created for this project to make it more sugar-easy to define schemas
- When defined we must generate the respective payload and upload to Nillion. We can do so by doing `npm run nillion:generate`

**Example Schema**

```ts
import { defineSchema } from "../helpers"

// Define a schema for a User
export const svUser = defineSchema({
  properties: {
    name: {
      type: "string", // Name is public accesible
    },
    age: {
      type: "integer",
      isSecret: true, // We signal the utility that this most be "$allot" stored - kept secret :)
    },
  },
})
```

Lastly you can debug/checkout for the generated schemas and the regisry with all your schemas udner [generated/](./generated/) folder.

And do not forget to create the `.env` file with the required variables explained in `.env.example`

To run, first install all dependencies with `npm i` and finalize by doing `npm run dev`

---

Also, if you are using typescript and had a bad time using jsDocs and want to use `nillion-sv-wrappers` in a typescript environment - you can use the definition file I recreated from the development repo here [lib/nillion/nillion.d.ts](./lib/nillion/nillion.d.ts). I'll probably open a PR suggesting to include the typedefs too.

## Storing sensitive information

Take a moment to read this NextJs server action example:

```ts
"use server"

import schemas from "@/lib/nillion/schemas"
import { secretStoredValue, writeSecretVaultRecord } from "@/lib/nillion"
import type { Address } from "viem"

export const createProject = async (user: Address, name: string) => {
  const data = {
    name,
    owner: secretStoredValue(user),
  }

  await writeSecretVaultRecord({
    schemaId: schemas.svProjectWithOwner,
    data: [data],
  })
}
```

It's easier and more action-specific to pull our schema from the registry (that was autogenerated and upload using the script) and to pass on data we want to put secret the `secretStoredValue` utility formats the payload so it's more synthetic-sugar for developers.

## Next steps

- Maybe a nillion cli that includes the generate and registry creation?
- A react wrapper with hooks for reading and storing data?

## Final words

I'll try to create a POC for the cli. Liked playing with Nillion.
Thanks : )
